Clarify navigation for push policy settings (#44560)
github/docs: content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-the-push-policy-for-your-repository.md

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}

> 1. Under "General -> Pushes", select **Limit how many branches and tags can be updated in a single push**.

Author: done

> 1. In the "General" settings, under "Pushes", select **Limit how many branches and tags can be updated in a single push**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **General** settings, which is the default tab, find **Pushes**, then select **Limit how many branches and tags can be updated in a single push**.
```

> 1. After "Up to", type the number of branches and tags you want to limit in a single push. Lower numbers are more restrictive of which pushes are allowed, and higher numbers are less restrictive but have more potential for being destructive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After **Up to**, type the number of branches and tags you want to limit in a single push. Lower numbers are more restrictive of which pushes are allowed, and higher numbers are less restrictive but have more potential for being destructive.
```

We're bolding instead of using quotes now, since the English language appears to be in a state of flux over punctuation inside or outside the quotes. Just updating it since we're in here, and the punctuation is outside (technically wrong, for now).
